so you're trying to figure out what your
next step is what are you going to do in
your next season maybe you have a 9 to5
you know you want more freedom but you
just you don't know where to start maybe
you're in network marketing and you're
worried because you're seeing a lot of
these organizations are going direct to
Consumer you make money there or maybe
you don't and you're trying to figure
out how to have something that is truly
legitimately your own how do you create
extra income where do you start how do
you do this if you have really no idea
what you have that might be special well
today today my guest is Amy Porterfield
and you're in luck because this is what
she does she has literally helped over
990,000 people start a digital business
she is someone who's helped Millions to
grow their businesses using online
marketing and she really does make it
simple she has a New York Times
bestselling book that delves into the
subject of how to give your two weeks
notice like how do you actually do this
how do you overcome the fear how you
figure out where to start where to go
how to build it how to grow it without
further ado my guest my friend Amy
Porterfield well hello my friend thanks
for having me I'm so uh excited for
everybody else yes we were we talked
about today before we started that every
podcast starts off with like I'm so
excited it's like are you so excited I
am but I'm really more excited for
people who are um ready to do this but
they just don't know where to start
exactly and and that's a big thing like
where the heck do I start and if you've
never done anything like this before it
could feel feel overwhelming but it
doesn't have to I want to start with the
very first conversation I have with a
friend of mine who who knows she needs
to do this she's actually further along
than most people because she kind of
knows what she wants to help people with
um so the first thing I said to her if
you already know kind of like how you
want to help people why haven't you done
it yes what did she say I'm dying to
know it's so huge it's going to take so
much time I'm tired and I have two
Littles yes okay that's fair and what
she doesn't know yet is there are so
different types of courses you can
create and you can get started a lot
faster and it doesn't have to be so huge
and I know we're going to get into that
yeah okay so the the let's start right
there with a person who is like I don't
even have time like I'm barely doing
what I'm supposed to be doing um maybe
it's the person who works full-time and
they come home and they're like I'm dead
or the person who is trying to grow
their network marketing business they're
nervous so maybe they're even working
double time right now because they're
income isn't what it was yes so they're
like I I if I have got more time
shouldn't I be focused on growing this
fill in the blank so that's where
thinking about a different stream of
Revenue come comes in to take away some
of the burden with what's not working or
what you don't like anymore I'm in a 9
to-5 and I want to get out of it
eventually great way to start a side
hustle or I'm in network marketing I'm
not making as much money as I did before
maybe I should put more focus and try to
keep doing all the things here here but
why not look at a different stream of
Revenue that could ease some of that but
also maybe open up a lot of doors you
didn't even expect I love that okay but
I'm also tired and I don't have time so
how do I like can we just talk for a
second about how would you tell this is
your girlfriend yeah and you know she is
like she's burnt out and she's tired um
what would you like what Straight Talk
would you give to her on when she needs
to do this and how much time should she
devote to just starting okay so first I
would tell her remember that if you
create a digital course no matter what
kind and we'll talk about four different
kinds of courses if you create a digital
course you create it once and then you
get to promote it over and over again
and that's the secret of how I teach
this my goal is to not keep Reinventing
the wheel not having to keep coming up
with new offers not having to think what
am I going to create now what's going to
work let's get really good at one thing
and double down on it so that it can
eventually create passive income for you
so that's what I'm most excited about
the other thing I'd say is okay well it
could take 15 20 hours or it could take
a 100 hours let's talk about what you
really want to do here so can I break
down these four courses that might help
for different types different types of
courses yeah I think so because when I
speak to people about creating a
course I think the general perception is
this has to be so huge so big that I can
sell it for you know $5,000 and
eventually it'll be paying for my
mortgage it'll eventually make it so
easy for me to quit yes exactly and the
thing is let's not go that big you can
go there but I love baby steps I like
easing into this I think it's you'll
stick with it more and you'll actually
get to the Finish Line okay and so let's
start with some courses that might feel
like baby steps the first one is a
workshop course and I actually never
used to teach this and this year is the
first time I'm starting to teach it in
my program because I get a lot of people
just starting out so here's what a
workshop course is it's one hour of
content that you teach live and then you
can go into a Q&A afterwards but let me
give you an example let's say somebody
wants to teach people how to land their
dream job so everything you need to land
a dream job from the resume to the
interview to the questions you should
ask to the negotiation everything that's
overwhelming right right however if she
said okay I'm going to start with a
workshop course and I'm just going to
teach how to nail that resume I'm going
to do a onh hour course how to nail the
resume I'm going to sell it so it's not
free maybe for $100 I'm going to sell it
to my audience use social media if they
have an email list great and then from
there I'm going to do it live and record
it now I have a recorded digital course
that I could sell on social and through
email and through ads if you want over
and over again but it's just a small
lift that will take you just a few hours
to create and you have your first let's
call it mini course okay so that's one
way to do it but the second way is
actually what I think a lot of your
listeners especially if they're in
network marketing or even want to leave
the 95 job this next course is perfect
for them and you actually have a great
idea that you and I were talking about
that I want you to bring up it's a
starter course okay a starter course is
just the basics so you're teaching
someone how to get started in any area
of their life business or personal so uh
one of my students she used to teach
cooking classes in her house okay and
she thought I can only serve so many
people and I want to do this at a bigger
level and I hate people coming into my
house every day so she put it in a
course but it was just the basics just
how to get started with cooking $177,000
later she had a course that she could
launch over and over again so it's a
starter course not a lot of lessons not
a lot of videos or PDFs or anything like
that just to get people started this
could be done in 30 days you could have
it up and running and promoting it and
I'm being generous like it doesn't even
have to take that long I think people
fear creating a starter course because
our thought process is there's so many
people first of all you're so much
further along in that thing that you're
an expert at like let's take sewing um
I'm a shorty so every I have to hem
everything I have to alter everything
and I spend a ton of money and time yeah
going to the tailor and then picking
things up and you know so I I don't want
to know how to make a dress I don't know
how want to design a gown I just want to
know how to hem my pants I just I want
to know how to hemp something that's
stretchy like there's so few things I
need to know and I think and I haven't
bought a course on sewing because I
don't want to know all the things you
don't want all the things exactly so
that actually leads to another type of
course you can create I call it a
spotlight course okay where let's say
you have all this expertise one of my
students he's a photographer he knows
everything about photography but he
created a course on how to make flash
photography look like natural light so
flash photography that looks like
natural light that was all his course
was about very similar to how to do
really simple sewing so you don't have
to go to the tailor all the time yeah
and he had 100 people on his email list
and made
$12,000 and and the the reason for that
is he knew this is something they my
audience really wants to know and I'm
going to zero in on it so we call that a
spotlight course one area of your
expertise okay I think that's going to
make people feel more confident that you
don't have to be the expert on all the
things no often times when people are
thinking about creating a course I know
I was this way I'm thinking that the
person who is the expert is going to buy
my course and evaluate it that's such a
great point they're not paying attention
first of all and you have to really
remember who are you serving and you
know what comes up a lot I want to
create this course but it's already been
done before everyone's doing this
there's no room for me that's probably
one of the number one uh objections
people have so one of my students Sarah
she teaches people how to make sourdough
bread now if you Googled or went on
YouTube how to make sourdough bread
hundreds of thousands of hits and you
could learn from YouTube why are they
buying from Sarah why is she making
great money with the sourdough course
they want to learn from Sarah she
created a small community online she's a
mom she's busy she doesn't have time and
she shares a little bit of her life
while she's teaching people how to do
the sourdough bread they want to learn
from Sarah we call her Sarah sourdough
and so you have to remember if you
create these relationships people don't
want to hunt and Peck all over the web
if they know look this woman she knows
what she's doing I'm learn from her so
and also you need a tiny sliver of the
internet to pay attention for you to be
profitable with courses I'm going to put
you on the spot you and so you might not
know the answer to this what did Sarah
do before she made sourdough oh I wish I
knew I don't I actually think she might
have been a stay-at-home mom okay so
yeah I'm not positive though that's okay
so we've got the workshop course we've
got the starter course a spotlight
course yep and then you've got the mac
daddy the one that probably overwhelms
people when they think I'm going to
start here it's the signature course if
you've ever bought a digital course
that's let's say $1,000 or more it's
probably a signature course it teaches
everything from A to Z and Promises a
big transformation that's not where
we're starting that's not how you start
your digital course Journey sure you can
get there but I love a workshop course a
starter course or even a spotlight
course those are the perfect starting
points and that will allow you to think
I don't have to do it all or teach it
all which of these types of courses is
trending like is there a sweet spot
right now you know I think a spotlight
course is pretty popular being really
Niche like that we hear that word all
the time that's how you kind of break
through the noise online like if you're
a photographer and someone says I'll
show you how to make flash photography
look like natural light boom you know
exactly what you're going to get from
that and you know what can help you be
better at what you do so I think a
spotlight course is pretty popular right
now in terms of people want to learn
when you're I mean you've helped
thousands and hundreds of thousands of
people what do you find is the number
one thing that's stopping that person
who isn't doesn't have the
entrepreneurial DNA like they their
parents weren't entrepreneurs or this is
their first business and they have only
been in corporate most of their lives
like what's the thing that usually you
find stops them it's usually do I have
what it takes to create a course I think
it's impostor syndrome or doubting that
what you know would work inside of a
course and so it's this idea that um
well also is anyone going to buy from me
oh shelene I have like a hundred
objections that come up all the time but
it tends to be do I can I teach in a
course will anybody Buy in a course
would this equate to a course a lot of
that comes up okay how do you walk
people through that first objection like
even before I start thinking about who's
going to buy it what do I have yeah do I
even have an idea
so let's just pretend that we're talking
to and I have somebody in mind let's
just pretend we're talking to someone
who has been successful in network
marketing yes um they are they're either
kind of bored with it or they fear that
you know something could change and they
want more security they want to build
their own thing but they're like I just
I don't know that I have anything unique
I love this so what I do is I take my
students through the course creation
sweet spot and it's coming up with your
course topic that's the whole goal of
this exercise let's go through it okay
let's go through the four quadrants so
anyone listening think you know answer
these questions as we go through them so
there's four quadrants the first one is
draw a square there you go yep break it
up okay perfect ready okay so the first
top one right there is where have you
gotten results for yourself or for
somebody else another way to say it is
where have you uh had great experience
or expertise another way I explain it is
what is your 10% Edge a 10% Edge is
where have you gotten results for
yourself and you could just be 10% ahead
of those you serve meaning we don't need
to be Miles Ahead you don't need more
certification more time more education
you already have it everyone listening
you have a 10% Edge everyone but I also
want to expand that think about your
personal life and in business is this
still my first quadrant first quadrant
so where have I gotten results and a lot
of times my students have gotten results
for themselves that's fine as well so
one of my students she worked in
corporate forever she was actually a
lawyer and while she was a lawyer she
used a really quirky time management
system that she created for herself so
that she could get through her busy days
it was very odd but worked for her and
then a few of her friends said show me
how you're doing that and it worked for
them so she decided I'm going to create
a course based on something I created
that works for me that I know can work
for other people so she had that
expertise she didn't go to college to
learn this system she didn't get
certified in it she created it but she
knew she got results so the number one
thing in this quadrant is where have you
gotten results okay but we're not
talking huge transformation type of
results even simple results like how to
sew even just for yourself even just for
yourself okay the second quadrant is a
little bit twofold so would you tell
people to just brainstorm this and keep
going keep going keep going yes throw
all the ideas no bad ideas don't judge
yourself and if you get stuck there I
want you to uh text three of your
friends and say what am I good at I'm
stuck right now tell me what you think
I'm good at and so get some help okay so
your brainstorming come up with three to
five ideas if you can all right okay and
remember personal and business no
judging okay the second quadrant is who
do you want to help and what is the
challenge what are you solving for them
so we need to start to think there's got
to be alignment between what I know and
where I'm an expert and what I can solve
for somebody else and usually if you
think about what you're solving you'll
start to think about who you want to
serve as well can I give you an example
that um this
particular exercise would really help
okay good so I'm thinking of a friend
who uh lost her husband ex you know had
this horrible thing she's got gotten
through it like you can say that she's
been successful in in getting through
grief and finding out who she is and and
figuring out that she can do all the
things that her husband originally did
and who she is after he passed and she
started creating a course and she said
to me shelene I don't like widows I'm a
widow but there's I just don't like I I
want I wish I could help them but I
don't like being with them they bring me
down so it's like if she had gone
through this process cuz she already
knew this she already knew this from
being in Facebook groups and from other
communities she's like it's so dark and
I just don't want and I'm so this is an
an example of if you go through this in
advance you're going to save yourself
that I I know I could do this but I
don't know if I want to hang out with
these people exactly so that's where
thinking who you're going to serve and
all of a sudden if it's Widow she's like
I I don't want to do this so she's going
to go back and think where else do I
have expertise or it just might be she
starts teaching people grief in general
I think we probably want to Niche down
but doesn't always have to be the widows
so yes this exercise it's I love that
you brought this up think about who you
want to work with but who you do not
want to work with as well so really
important there because you're going to
have and another great question this is
getting a little bit more deep but do
you have access to them can you think
about where you could go to capture this
audience are there Facebook groups or
are there communities that or maybe you
already have the audience but you need
to make sure that you can bring them
into your world yeah you don't have to
have it all figured out just we're just
brainstorming again not judging got it
okay the third quadrant is where have
people spent money in this area that
you'd like to create a course on so I
want you to find other programs books
podcasts coaching around this topic of
some sort So when you say we're people
spend money like this is the Quant where
I'm looking at like where are people
going and spending money to get the
solution yes and also the question is
are they spending money to get the
solution right like is their proof and
this is where I come back to if you're
like yeah I me 10 people are already
doing what I want to do I always say
ding ding ding that is a great thing
it's proof that you can make money with
this we we go back to this original
example and she's like okay where people
are spending money to deal with grief is
therapy y um they're psychiatrist yep
some kind of coaching probably um groups
group coaching those types of
communities there's tons of they're
spending money on anti-depressants
they're spending money on other ways to
get that they don't realize they're
using to cope with their their grief so
maybe it's money that they're spending
on a vice you know could be online
shopping or drinking or um makeup or who
knows what but they're using something
other than okay and it's this quadrant
quadrant is twofold number one are
people spending money to get a solution
that's great and two what are they doing
because where can you show up a little
different where can you have a little
bit of a different hook a little bit
different perspective okay you don't
have to be wildly different that's not
what we're looking for but you know
addressing it in a specific way that
only you can is important don't you also
feel like people think they have to have
something really really different but
sometimes it's just your age is
different than someone else your voice
the color of your hair it's like there's
just certain things we relate to and
that's what you have to remember you are
different than everybody else who's
going to do this period there's no other
discussion there so I really want people
to hear that because it really does stop
them everybody else is doing it what if
I have filled up this quadrant of where
people are spending money and they're
all buying courses
does that tell me that this is
oversaturated and again no one's going
to do it quite like you and I come back
to you need a tiny sliver to pay
attention so let's do some quick math
okay okay it's girl math wait so how
much money do we want to make let's
start we want to make 10,000 bucks okay
$10,000 so then I need to sell 520 so I
have to sell 20 people need to buy my
$500 course for me to make 10,000 and my
point being that's $10,000 and only 20
people on the internet had to buy from
you so when we start to think about
everyone else is doing it I can't make
enough money you just made
$110,000 and remember you sell it once
you get really good at teaching it and
selling it and you keep doing that over
again it's not 10,000 it's now 20 30 40
and it adds up so I really like to point
out that we do not need hundreds and
hundreds of people to buy from us for us
to do really well with a
course boy but so many people really get
stuck with that like it's just even
putting themselves out there so what
about that person who's like I okay wait
we've got to go up the fourth fourth
quadrant okay so so now I've got and now
I know where people are spending money
what's my fourth qu the fourth one is is
pretty easy what lights you up and the
reason why this is important is because
I did not say what is your life's
passion what do you want to be known for
for the rest of your life what is your
mission too big we don't need to go
there but you do need to enjoy talking
about it because as you know and I know
if you have a course on this you're
going to talk about it a lot and you're
going to meet a lot of people and
they're going to ask you a lot of
questions around it just make sure the
topic makes you want to get out of bed
in the morning and you're excited to
serve people in that way and the reason
I tell you that is one time I created a
course on Facebook advertising where I
wasn't doing my ads anymore I had an ad
agency hated everything about creating
the course and didn't want to teach it
and never saw the light of day because
it didn't light me up anymore so you got
to be careful of that one that's a
really good point because oftentimes the
thing that we know so well and we have
incredible expertise at we're over it
like it makes us want to vomit we're
like
don't want to do anything with this it's
so true I don't want to talk about it
ever again like one of my friends she
was in MLM and she was for weight loss
and it was a Beachbody okay and she
wanted to create a course but she's like
I don't want to create a course anything
about this I want to do something
totally different I'm like you
absolutely can so don't think that just
because this is what you do for business
this is what I do in my 9 to-5 this is
what I do in my MLM that I have to
create a course on that you actually
don't okay yeah so now I've I've put
this quadrant of four things together
and I'm just going to see where there's
overlap yes so you're going to start to
see okay now that I've done the four
quadrants and I came up with let's say
five ideas in the first one where does
it make sense based on these other three
quadrants which topic really stands out
to me the most and so usually one will
rise to the top and you'll gravitate
toward one and then from there once you
have this idea you can start floating it
by some friends you're really good at
this you'll call up a friend and be like
tell me what you're doing here why
aren't you doing this start having those
conversations you'll learn a lot just
voice notes yes I love voice notes yes
so really I think probably the top and
the bottom opposing quarters are the
ones where you want to start with that
overlap right so so I'm looking at of
the things that I have had some success
in that I'm
10% further ahead of some other people
who I don't even know yet and I'm ex I'm
kind of obsessed about it I like talking
about it it's like the thing that gets
me excited to share
um those where I'm seeing that crossover
I've got the potential to start a course
now I need to go back and ask myself
what type of course makes the most sense
and do you think that they should look
at the type of course that's going to
make them the most money or the type of
course that's going to give them a quick
success quick success so money will come
if you if you really love what you're
doing and you'll build up your course
over time the money is going to come but
let's just make sure that you can have
that quick win because that's what
usually stops us we to do something so
big that we don't get to the Finish Line
it never sees the light of day and so
with let's say a workshop course a
starter course a spotlight course those
can be quick wins we can get those done
pretty quickly and you can do your
Marketing in so many different ways you
don't have to do webinars right out of
the gate you don't have to do your
three-part video series what people see
online we could do just social media I
have a a student she's an esthetician
and she wanted to teach other
estheticians what she knew about growing
her growing her business she didn't use
any webinars to begin with she didn't
use email marketing she just used social
media and had a really successful launch
and then built on that but did she have
a sizable following she actually did she
didn't have an email list and she had a
pretty good social media following thank
you for saying that because I think a
lot of times you know you hear experts
say like no they didn't well you have to
have eyeballs you do and that's the
thing I tell my students I'm not magic
here I could teach you how to create and
launch a course but we need an audience
just like you do with anything else
you're going to do online but you don't
need need a huge audience I could tell
you story after Story of really small
email list really great launches so 500
people on an email list one of my
students uh made $30,000 just 500 people
that is something you can grow in a few
months time even just getting on a
podcast being interviewed by someone who
already has a big podcast I always say
there's so many there's so many media
Outlets that are free there's so many
ways to get eyeballs other than your own
platform that you've built it's so true
and you had a great idea so when you and
I were talking before I uh came over
here about patreon and that's something
that I actually haven't really thought
about that much but you're on it where
you could literally put a course on
patreon and it doesn't have to be so
elaborate I even have students who
create courses and it's just they're
audio it's just them talking versus the
videos and the slides that's what I want
okay so and we're not even going to get
into all of that but I know that's part
of your expertise I should say for
anyone who is interested in doing this
and you kind of need your feet held to
the fire like someone to walk you
through that process Amy is doing I
don't depending on when you're watching
this go to shine.com
Amy she does this five days of intensive
work where you're you're actually going
to be walked through the process of
creating your first course and you're
going to Kickstart your first course so
I'm going to teach you the first steps
that are crucial to get your course up
and running and the decisions you need
to make so that you don't create a
course that one doesn't make you money
or waste your time
so the whole goal of the boot camp is if
you're course curious you get into this
boot right you get into this boot camp
and I'll teach you what it takes to get
started and what the potential is for a
course so the course math we did I do a
lot of that okay and a lot and I have
slides so I know all the numbers for the
future so you're helping people figure
out like does this even make sense yeah
like can I make money with this and what
does the money look like I think it's
important if you're going to do this for
a business so I'm you know right now on
patreon like sharing
and I'm literally when you said 10% I'm
like 10 days ahead of the people who I'm
saying like here's what my first I at
the two week Mark of giving up alcohol
um and I I don't I still don't know who
I am in this or where it's going to go
but like once I was two weeks in I
started talking about it and I had all
these people in my community like I've
been thinking about doing it too and I'm
like well the first two weeks were
really weird let me just share with you
what I went through and I'm posting it
as I go what do you think about people
who um can I sell people on the idea
that we're going to create this together
or I'm creating it as I go absolutely so
one of the things I do is teach my
students how to validate an idea again
we don't want to create something that
people won't buy you are the ultimate
validator anybody watching watch how you
do it because you are taking them
through this experience you're saying
I'm going to try this I'm going to see
how it goes now you're two weeks ahead
of those that haven't started yet and so
you're validating it because they're
telling you I want want this this is
where I'm struggling and you can create
this as you go here's another thing you
know how we talked about this is so big
it's too much work too much time another
thing I teach my students is to just
teach it live we don't need to record it
edit it do all that stuff it takes too
long so much longer so every let's say
you do a course and it's going to be a
four-week course okay every week you go
live for an hour and you teach we'll
call it a module four modules you're
just doing it live which means you can
mess up and people expect you to mess up
you can have fun with it show your
personal
not have to be so rigid because when
that camera comes on and we're recording
all of us get a little different the
live can be more fun but I feel like
that's essentially what you've been
doing too just kind of teaching it as
you go yeah yeah I want to share this
with the audience because for me every
single time I'm thinking about sharing
something that I I know I'm not the
expert this ex recent example I just ask
myself okay is do I know a little bit
more than someone else and of course I
do yes a little bit more and then I
always say I can tell people which is
going to let me off the hook I am not
the expert I'm sure there's a million
ways to do this I'm just going to share
with you how I do this what work for me
what work for me and that's what people
really want they've already connected
with you you've already built this
community so I'm sure you can go online
and find a bunch of courses on being
curious about alcohol or what do you
call it um so so curious there's
probably a lot of courses and books and
whatnot but they want to see how you do
it you have a unique style of how you
share it so that's exactly what I'm
talking about and people might say yeah
but shelene has a huge audience okay but
you didn't start with a huge audience
you can start small but Amy I I've got
this idea I'm seeing where my quadrants
cross I can see where people might spend
money on
this but I just don't have a social
media following and I don't know if I'm
ready to put myself out there yet what
what real talk do they need to hear well
you you there's no way you can build a
business online if you don't put
yourself out there but you don't have to
go big right out of the gate so the
reason I teach a workshop course that
one hour course is because even if 10
people showed up you're actually doing
the thing I always say the first course
is as much for you as it for is for your
students so much of what you're learning
right so I just say let's just take baby
steps and put yourself out there a
little you have to put yourself out
there but we do not have to go so big
yeah that's so great it is much easier
today than ever to start a digital
course like I think about when we first
started creating courses the amount of
you know even though it was less than
starting a brick-and-mortar business
there were still costs associated with
even Web building and hosting and all
these things that people do not need to
worry about when you're getting into it
but can you just give us a quick um if
I'm worried about how much money I have
to invest in this yes this is what I'll
tell you this is so great you're right
back in the day when we were doing this
you had like 10 pieces of software they
were expensive and also you needed a
coder like we couldn't even do it
ourselves now there are so many tools
that are allinone or maybe you need two
tools Max and you can make this work
they're very inexpensive and very easy
to use I am the least techy person there
is and I can get in there and I can
update my course put my modules in there
very easy so what I'll say is the tech
is the least concern that you should
have the least concern with because it's
very easy to figure out
Instagram um YouTube Tik Tok they all
now have the ability to subscribe to a
particular person can I actually build a
course and have people subscribe to it
on one of these platforms you know this
is why I love being around you because
you have ideas that I have never tried I
absolutely think that could work
absolutely you right you'd probably be
the one of the first to do it not not a
problem but that's a different way of
doing it and it absolutely could work
that way the thing the reason why I
think that people should look into doing
that is because that's where people are
that's true you know and some and in
order for any course to be successful
you got to get people to actually do it
so if we can get them where they are
where you know where where their
dopamine is already high which is
Instagram Tik Tok like I'm seeing a lot
of people creating content where I'm
like this is actually a course
absolutely you're not calling it a
course you're subscribing but like what
I'm getting I subscribe to a ton of
people on Instagram specifically that
I'm like this is course content yes and
you and the fact that people have to pay
to be there there you go so or you could
also one thing I teach with my courses
is building a community that goes along
with the course that could be an
incredible Community as well so now you
have a community and the course platform
built into one it would be really cool
you've killed all of our objections
people just need to start and it's not
as scary as it needs to be so please be
sure to go to that link shen.com Amy Amy
where can people um who want to connect
want to learn more from you you've got
this great podcast but where are you the
most active Instagram So speaking of
Instagram come on over I'm just at Amy
Porterfield come say hello beautiful
thank you so much for being here it is
our goal to be brief to be bright to
make it fun and then be done we're done
you're not so if you have not yet gone
through these exercises please do and if
you want great parking lot Karma like
you want to pull up at the busiest
supermarket and you get the spot right
up front you need to make sure that
you're subscribed to our Channel Brock
and I love you if you have and don't
forget to leave us a comment below let
us know what are some of the ideas that
you're thinking about could be a
possible course for you we'll be sure to
read every single one of those comments
and get back to you thanks for being
here
bye I always get really scared to do
math when we it's 20,000 right I don't
know okay we could ask Siri I'm I'm
pretty sure I'm right what was the
question we should know these
numbers please don't judge me because I
know what I'm good at and it's it's not
math
[Music]